New: added panic metrics for outbound calls (#2040)
yarpc/yarpc-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- gRPC: accept keepalive parameters for the outbound gRPC connection.

> - observability: panic metrics are reported for inbound oneway requests and for outbound stream, oneway and unary requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- observability: panic metrics are now also reported for these requests: 
  - inbound oneway.
  - outbound stream.
  - outbound oneway.
  - outbound unary.
```
